I don't sing oh right I see what I'd
already know good evening viewers is she
point in saying kryptonite here with a
gta5 doom day for doomsday Heights we
are chilling with the sweet sugar apple
aka Jeff Spencer go hitter up on YouTube
with a subscribe and I'm like let's go
and remember to drop and subscribe if
you are new to the channel like the
video I'll show you support by getting
involved in the live streams and as
always the video is sponsored by insane
grips go ahead and use coche for 20% off
I'm probably gonna die right yeah so it
restarts are straight from that point
you don't tell me it restarts I thought
it restarts like the whole way very much
I haven't played duty for a while
oh good Wow yeah especially with the new
heist and yeah I want to go that's fast
overshoot
you spawned in yeah why do you always
spawn all the way up there as you spawn
all the way over there
I'm being shot
well you're gonna have to take care of
those quick because you got guys behind
you
yep I literally low on health at the
moment I need more snaps legs again
excuse me has that wasn't
whoa oh yeah
no puzzle game shop
we're like ooh
I believe I just
I was like not taking the helicopter out
already
right cover me I need to take my help
out
oh Christ wherever you were you stupid
person
I need to eat some stats if you can take
that heli out that would be great
and he's out
there you go the persons that we're
shooting is dead
here's the ladder the correct letter go
I'm going to bring I'm tapping X's Polly
as possible right take the heli up these
cookies you can say like no rockets
I'll get in and get the baby started up
don't do it from the young copter web
unit
oh yeah look you would by man in now
let's go baby stop
I think I use more snacks and body armor
in that one part than I've ever been use
in the whole of playing GTA
I lost you like on the stream thank you
now the next thing is the Papa sorry
there is that sorry well dead look
waiting for players are eat right
signage am i right I need to charge my
vape where's the charger this thing dies
so quick it's unbelievable and it's dead
to be fair about it what a month and
I've had and I've done over 7,000 puffs
on it it's finally loaded maybe a month
enough
value I don't want to do the Beast
okay they've put the slashes into here
now as well
yeah this slashes where you're in the
polka yeah hey you know humane wops
yeah it's stuff like that
yeah please do tonight
the beast beast money do this heist
that Landa cargo ship on here
I wonder what kind of vehicles you can
put in there Benja no I do forget to
look so he thrust the TNT to do the
Starnberg there are CW I think the
cooler it's this way no it's not it's
this way anyway
see what I like is like the cannon or
whatever it is a kind of room the
orbital cannon yeah that's what you have
to wait I'm calling you from a
top-secret former government facility it
was all a setup shortstop wanted to call
someone that listen you're going to get
us all killed it's as clear as the very
natural looking hair on my head they're
not plugs don't you see that the fact
that they told you to fire me
proves beyond all reasonable doubt that
you were wrong and this is a conspiracy
let me give you an analogy I'm a
visionary
I see things this is about stopping a
fucking war of course of course it's
it's now it's fucking now Clifford is
right the data is clear it's right now
the entire department is out sharing
meatloaf and potato salad so their base
can be permanently shut down we have to
do something now right well we are a
bunch of armed felons and you're
breaking all kinds of security
clearances and discussing the musings of
a badly named computer no police force
in the world is going to believe us
you'll have to go there and stop it
right now
I'll pay
I'll pay whatever it takes it takes a
lot alright I'll keep you posted
come on let's go that's a guy by one
yeah yeah I know playing this mission
will reset you're all in order to our
loyalty to challenge progress I have no
idea what that means
come on turn the radio off yeah I should
have done that before I came in to be
fair I didn't really think about that
650 grand is that were you go for this
mission I could go so what about cars I
sold I sold the gesture sports car I
think it was or do you sell a lot links
yeah us a lot links I got 1.2 million
for that car 1.2 mil
right so we have to go to the IAA base
and inside fight your way through
hostile stop the I service be at heart
very group of friendly agents
surveillance okay here we go
Act one which is what we're on is 650
thousand two is 950,000 3 is 1 million
two thousand hundred thousand and
overall is 2 million in a hundred
thousand
however this is without adding any
difficulty bonuses and although rewards
which can help bring the overall amount
toward 10 million that's more to but a
print ROG how you doing buddy thanks for
joining the stream be sure to drop a
like my friend I'm not too bad today and
yourself alright we should be able to do
yeah doing good all good buddy all good
I'm glad you're doing well all right
let's run you up what about the discord
day the discord should definitely be
working by now I have I have put the new
discord link in the description so you
should be able to just click on that and
drink yeah oh good evening viewers
thanks for joining Charlie how you doing
my friend thanks for joining be sure to
drop a like combat yeah good evening
viewer thank you for joining the stream
be sure to drop a like and if you are a
new viewer be sure to slap that
subscribe button and turn the channel
notifications on
thank you very much for dropping the
late Prince Raj it's expired I changed
it yesterday it shouldn't be expired
because the change did not expire so
Charlie
I did put it to never expire I thought I
make I'll have a look at it as soon as
I've sorted this out my own ranks
hang on just one house you said in the
music volume us
unless if we put it on 30 minutes
now I haven't buddy I'll turn it until
never expire as soon as I've done this
print Roger I'll definitely take a look
at it mate
[Music]
which car you got the factor
I said your comment on one of your
videos thank you very much buddy I would
definitely take a look at that as soon
as this live stream is finished as I'm
on a mobile device at the moment
nope I'm not dying just yet
[Music]
Kanan
way it hid behind the wrong one
did not want that to happen I don't
think I can't buy body armor
I'm from
I just got a snap
oh shit how did you die he rolled in let
the cavalry do you oh oh what I just use
a bloody shotgun
probably be easier to take them out with
wait there Jess
[Applause]
[Music]
hide
all my days so the smallest objects it
decides to hind behind like come on
you know sweeper show then you're being
changed to a heavy shotgun that's good
I don't think I've got any armor left
either you know what let's take the
rocket launch wrap just move out the way
come on bitch Mariah
really how oh my dears this thing gets
on my nerves didn't even see me I need
to buy my body armor yes you see yeah
oh shit just move I have no idea where
it decided to throw back what the radio
by you just keep back that take I'll hit
him in the head with the rocket launcher
bah bah
Thank You Jess
headshot who would ever think you'd get
a rocket-launcher headshot yeah yeah
come right now Connor I think you was
meant to just get hit by that but you
know
Wow
I'm out of rockets
oh shit Jess on me off my guns
you know what fuck this of that no way
did that just get need to eat some
snacks if I have any left yep right
whoa
[Music]
one dose
I thought you'd killed him
you know what this gun isn't powerful
enough
right
Oh Oh for fuck's sake I went to cover
and we got shot I brought that side
[Laughter]
[Music]
bring out the guns
weren't you wanna miss movie now really
want to miss with me nope
don't you run away from me yeah exactly
there we go unless we go back this way
possibly up the stairs
and this way oh yeah
okay enter a gun camera oh let's go baby
we swap money right when we change to
think about
why you could switch commas to sweet oh
you're really dead look right now
everything's fine I know these people I
supposed to be at a potluck who were
they
what the hell is going on these nice
people saved us yeah we don't know each
other by the way me and them if you
think you know me you don't who do you
work for can I get this place on
lockdown right now come on you imbeciles
no there is no potluck I don't give a
shit about your banana cream blood
evening maybe next time you'll listen to
me
what's this cretin doing here saving
your life once again but for the covert
operation I financed you'd all be dead
and the country would be in the hands of
well who exactly that's the problem
this place has more leaks than the thing
you dry salad in but who and why can I
love gonna clip it here sure it's
Russians we know it's Russians
this attack is one of their signature
move that's the whole point mrs. Rahman
it's meant to look like Russians we
think it's not Russians because that
would be too I think I know there's a
99% probability it is some Russians not
Iran Iran no Clifford
you
a print Raj there you go buddy that link
that I've just put in the description in
the actual live chat it should now take
it straight to the discord I'll update
that on the YouTube channel now as well
I have no idea I wasn't looking mean
please let me know if you saw that J got
a first time bonus they would have been
able to essaouira because I was off the
off the game how much did we get for
that it was free 25 each oh I got three
because I go
but I do the preset office first and
then any of the cells
so
you won't need to because safety
and also Prince Raj if you are watching
the stream if you go to the if you go to
my page and then go to about if you go
all the way down to the bottom you'll be
able to see where it says donations
Twitter and discord
if you click discord on that section
that will take you to an invitation to
join my discord rarely ever use discord
only when it's actually needed but it's
done
by the way you can get snacks here for
free
yeah
where do I get the snacks all right if
you're heading towards where it's got
the H it'll be the desk next to it when
you when you get your own facility
you'll get one of these like trophies
yeah and then when you complete the
second act you'll get this for a trophy
and this one for HOV bison I need to go
get body armor as well so
another wire to destroy some tear gas
okay well you gonna
go and buy some body armor oh let me
drive
I'm gonna have to drive it out first oh
just miss me I'll stroke out and then
you drive it what if I want to upgrade
it in their fully modified yeah nice use
the photograph in this email to identify
the location of the treasure yeah I was
trying to do that earlier before I got
friggin messed about by some idiotic one
yeah it's literally right there so
that's X Y it
yeah because you have to use either your
mobile command unit or get the Avenger
to customize it to have weapons on it
it's got machine gun and rockets
hi-yah there's rocket is sick I heard
they are sick they're blue high blue
because of the light go high yo what you
doing this is easy to get up hills why
do you think I like use the hover thing
to guilt Mount chiliad
just stay there I know it takes you back
down to the ground slowly yeah I'm just
trying to figure out that this is
because then it looks like he's four
yeah Oh
keep going
this is where I pretty much gave me the
question
I love the blue lights on this oh I
added the blue neon underneath oh yeah
those sick
hey sick hey I'd Olivia I that is
brilliant I don't like the fact that
they've changed the writing on here like
massively alright that is brilliant I
don't even have to worry if I'm in this
I do by rolling downhill right where
would it be
try it on top
Oh for sex again quickly that was not me
so go to you right go see right a bit or
you left and try and climb it pull up
pull up pull yeah I'm pulling up with it
ain't guys think I would go - hi I'm
Preston aces right go out and there -
round again
because where that drop is it could be
there
well here
in next to a little thing right yeah
I'll get out
yeah where's your car girls I don't I
don't know you might want to get out so
you need lots of chimes right okay see
if I've got another email no text if the
government falls through the world ends
after this is for chimes right let me
turn the game volume up a bit more right
where could I hear chimes
right walk towards the chimes
and then it'll Corp saying press right
on Dan walks dialogue stick beat pad sir
I know every help on this
oh yeah
all right shut it all off on the apart
and you fuckers will never find it you
see that guy's all pleased to find the
treasure
no guess we have to go back to them and
if I'm right he'll be in the same
location as mine where the farmlands
across the way
and the fun ones down here
over by Trevor's
J can't wait to get his own
I'll ever do how close is this person
I've got to do a flyby
bye-bye
ah
why did it do that did you press X no
our first our one
person still
a person s because my flight memo
when it's on flat ground see that tree
in front of you that's where you need to
go and he was doing the treasure hunt as
well keep it hard that person especially
don't kill me yes right here
there's a gun missin
but them again fly right there
sorry person about billion amid
I hated
yeah it's the same locations for
you'll have to show me the car that goes
with the war
I was getting about by it
but their shuttle owner idea
let people wait for I know
we will set a little cake
that's one way to stop
[Laughter]
brilliant
it's like how
Brown
yeah it goes faster
we're way dead body this is brilliant
investigate the brig include that yeah
dead body hello okay
I don't think there is another one
yeah it'll be a box hi
now if you do fifty headshots you get
Wayne boy
new email received
Oh
that's here right
you download the double action revolver
mmm-hmm don't know best place of getting
nut that's not going down into the
subway you know where the platform is
yeah
what do we easy phone down
you've officially got a cowboy on
I suppose I have well if you want to
take me to the subway and I'll get
fifty-year shots while you go get your
body armor
we
hey cut dude
right now far away they asked the most
they are just over the other end of this
war they've got a DeLorean as well yeah
they
dealt with that a culture with them
attention
helicopters faster than this right
brother how do I come back and get me
now
get off the collar I love the way that
they yes no way he you know however I do
need to do something I didn't do the
other day and that was
they miss it
where the hell's a little doctor oh you
talk about changing you
I forgot what it was your weapon target
yeah forgot what it was
go to Settings down to display and it's
called weapon target
then pulls the doll and then the complex
is like around
right
now did it work lovely bride top of the
bow
hey that was typed that was both appears
at save time now I don't want the brown
shoes on the browser no not shoot body
armor thank you oils are pretty popular
okay
I'm guessing going back today the debye
thing yeah yeah
okey-dokey deadly okay secure sir do
five grand to be an associate thank you
yeah
[Laughter]
just see a flier cargo
change mainly humming so much forward
Michael Morey
have you got the control room like the
color room No
yeah you should also like come down here
and like get drinks it's not currently
active come on you go I left in the door
there you go
but I'll open the door for you where are
they here can I get some caffeine here
vamos people you're late
if you work for me I'd fire you we do
work for you and you can't afford to
fire us
very clever trying to stop a global
crisis and you're quibbling about
employment law
remind me to explain why you never had a
successful startup go ballistic my god
you are annoying I can afford to be
annoying I date a lot I'm a millennial
you're 38 I'm on the cusp don't try to
put me in a box this guy bonkers we have
a real problem here every time clifford
looks at the data this is not good i
told you it wasn't good I undersold
this is the apocalypse the doomsday
scenario since we uncovered them all we
realized tip of the iceberg doesn't do
it justice
tip of the tip of the big iceberg
there's Russian and Chinese agents at
work all over the city the president's
been informed president's been
misinformed you don't understand what
I'm saying
these fucking civil servants so crushing
socialists the lot of you people like
you hold people like me back okay are
there than objectivism what are we doing
here sadly I think he's right there's a
submarine off the coast we have to find
out what it's doing there and then blow
it up
no that's exactly what they want that's
the wall
humanity's last stand mushroom clouds
fallout 50 generations of living in
caves before someone reinvents fire I
need your team to get on their that and
find out what happened to the missing
agent this man okay
code name ULP was kidnapped last night
he was looking into data breaches in our
department and was on to something now
he's gone possibly dead he's not dead
I'm sure of that
we're gonna need an Avenger if we're
ever gonna get on that submarine there's
one hangar at LSI age they keep keys to
the hangar in the news fans I'm gonna
need riot fans to I've got a plan here
then start a riot and steal one this
cannot be traced back to me
I cannot believe I said that
Oh fucking ethics training and you need
to get underwater somehow undetected
underwater undetected to find out about
the security around the submarine before
the assault okay okay I know I know
Stromberg's
these things yeah all right let me see
if I can because here that are Rex right
here here so you've got this yeah yeah
sure just a little uh world war to
prevent in that case we don't need to
know any more let's go all of you hey
just give me a minute
there that's everything plans there
should be pretty obvious I'll be in
touch good luck
really what difficulty did you put this
on my eyes it ones were normal but these
are the pre-soak
sometimes
[Music]
oh this jetty would be so much better
with music if only YouTube didn't
copyright
they need to put a no copyright my radio
station of GTA
or might blow the sky up first
seek out food
let's leave him to it get that someone
earlier on blow up their vehicle they
then text me on the
the GTF calling me an asshole
that's what you want
I'm the big bird
well
did I do that just don't come up with
our base stained health heart down
[Applause]
hello can't handle the heat my friend
okay leave it with creepy uncle Lester
ziwei sews all that unnecessary police
noise going on
all out
don't get the van store
taught me to drive
[Laughter]
oh bloody ell we got quiet this needs to
go the shame of card there cargo box
pick it up
too far away from the Nashville
but you do that I'm going to go get an
hour image for a week
Wow Wow Wow
it's what the pink dickheads decided
boss I saw something you might be
interested in it's a special item on the
Sakura serve network more expensive than
yeah like what happened
people who have pink shot down
alright come pick me up in your DeLorean
picking up on the duck fight now
yeah these people were fucking shot
because of it well this guy's creeping
creeping up on me
yo put us off the radar huh I don't have
enough to do that
really hey I'm guessing you don't want a
backrub how can I help I can do it but
not for long you'll have a minute you
CEOs died twice oh you need pay rate is
4500 you with the fuckers what my fault
oh good I'm three times 4,000 toward
your food stop dying well come and help
me kill these away from where I am he
died
[Music]
I would love a car right now
right meet me at your hunger yeah
call them in that facility hey
they're in that facility
well if we can get there and get inside
no but we're gonna get to think again
that's why it's a feud sustaining
chocolate
yeah
we like the slowest call
right
[Music]
we can't keep doing the prep Russian
mission without
[Music]
but I'll see the
bring your chopper chopper chopper yeah
come in is Chuck here
see you when you get there
watch out for pink bitches
[Music]
we see another cloth will expose off the
radar
you got enough money to ring Lester
first off the radar
okay I do
only use it when we're like close to
this area
I've used it now so I can get over that
because that thing is over this way
right
I get shot down by them
it looks like one of those
nope nobody's near me
I summon an inconspicuous car anyway see
you
now I'm in inconspicuous non-modified
car so it's not like they're gonna see
me
man cards on this game should have
indicators
I guess unless you above me
if you could put waypoint ones for me
I'd really appreciate that just need it
together to the cops
should not have used up ghost emoji so
so quickly should have ranked Lester at
least his first so minute would have
gained lead time are there
yeah or the players are off the radar so
watch yourself I'm gonna ring Lester put
yourself off the radar so you might want
to do the same
yeah hello what can I do for you I can
do it briefly
I've got a minute off the radar
hopefully I can keep some good speed
on the wrong side of the road right now
listen my books might be getting me a
good amount of time in prison
[Applause]
I hate this one it's so slow
past a minute left and there's a police
roadblock ahead not what I needed God
more
you can use your services to get rid of
the cops I'd be great
so then why they put a roadblock up
ahead
I really have no other way no other
place to go and I got a copper right in
front
ha ha copper moved out of the way
Chopra to the right towards this red guy
don't get to love nice people oh yeah
all right
below the bridge
just careful because I think he might be
coming for us so coming
your Holly
these trucks need like a turbo under my
nose
not really first to anybody else
this friggin
always get out my food anyway
if you fly ahead keep the putter head
clear
should be alright
no one else is wrong
two miles would go
no way did I just see that
some stream as well a campervan
literally life pretty much we're just
driving on top of another camper van
running a low decided to run itself off
oh no way
you know what someone's name is in this
lobby DeLorean do you know they've just
made that account because of the
DeLorean car DeLorean
you know that look look you see it there
Irish combat killed the lorry
prep complete
I think these are unjust colder in my
bedroom than what they were in the
fucking fridge damn that's cold
because you know you gotta have your
vitamin C like a Batman
because you know big shock ting mine's
not 40 degree maneuver
no I
[Music]
I don't even have enough to get it it
was like really
there is a lot of money
just break you better
I bought all right so we've got text our
agent you LPS kidnappers and recover
information on where he's being held
prep the right controller maybe that one
why he's not proved me the proof
seaglass oh my god
no idea what you get in here the glass
should be dark obviously looks as if
it's playing Christmas songs their ears
wait we have for three more preset
whoops and for setups let's get them
done cuz the settle just important like
different one whittled it
Oh
[Music]
ain't nowhere to go now for more in the
bedroom
we go off the radar
there's a flag on
so anymore
all of us do is just shoot class Oh
we're good for now because purple guy
pink guy afire
difficult guy he was a big guy
his friend left his risk for
we're in something
I can't see
we are in Charles
but with an S I what service are you
looking
and what are you prepared to pay I'll
see what I can do is this
yeah smoke Prince wrong
might have yellow person
to anyone
that's X you'll go down past them
okay I'm gonna stop the student Chris
got on for a while yes